Update readme to centralize description at notion (#197)
rootstrap/blog: README.md

# How to write and publish an article in the Rootstrap blog

> Publishing an article help us to improve the Rootstrap brand with quality content on the web. Also writing about a topic, enhance your knowledge of it. If you want to write and publish an article, please take a look at these Notion links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing an article helps us to improve the Rootstrap brand with quality content on the web. Also writing about a topic enhances your knowledge of it. If you want to write and publish an article, please take a look at these Notion links:
```
